improve contribute.md grammar (#276)
yearn/yearn-devdocs: docs/contributing/contribute.md

We use a combination of HackMD, Docusaurus, and Github for our [Documentation](https://docs.yearn.finance/) and we use [DrawIO](https://draw.io) with Google Drive for our diagrams & schemas. If you are a grammar stickler, you can see our [Reviewer Guide](https://hackmd.io/juTKNn3xTpKJgFDo2AglLw).

Last but not least, join the #documentation channel in [Discord](https://discord.gg/freT6YRNSX) and introduce yourself.

If this sounds confusing, please let us know what we can clear up. In the meantime: You can begin contributing to our HackMD docs immediately via the Github issues — we'll guide you through the rest.

### Build

#### Developers

If you're a developer, we need your help! Before you begin: Familiarize yourself with Yearn, its products, and its infrastructure by reading our [Documentation](https://docs.yearn.finance/).

> You can see our progress on our [Github Project Board](https://github.com/orgs/yearn/projects/1), and you can immediately begin contributing where you see fit. We recommend checking out issues tagged as `help wanted` and recommend sticking to the respective repository's coding guidelines (linting, formatting, PRs, etc). It's that simple 🙂. You can also join us on the #dev channel in [Discord](https://discord.gg/w89vVxeV9h).

Reviewer: This board is dead for a while now, maybe switch the link to here https://contribute.yearn.farm/good-first-issue.html

> You can see our progress on our [Github Project Board](https://github.com/orgs/yearn/projects/1), and you can immediately begin contributing where you see fit. We recommend checking out issues tagged as `help wanted` and recommend sticking to the respective repository's coding guidelines (linting, formatting, PRs, etc). It's that simple 🙂. You can also join us on the #dev channel in [Discord](https://discord.gg/w89vVxeV9h).

Author: ```suggestion
You can see our progress on our [Github Project Board](https://contribute.yearn.farm/good-first-issue.html), and you can immediately begin contributing where you see fit. We recommend checking out issues tagged as `help wanted` and recommend sticking to the respective repository's coding guidelines (linting, formatting, PRs, etc). It's that simple 🙂. You can also join us on the #dev channel in [Discord](https://discord.gg/w89vVxeV9h).
```

If you are interested in working on a specific project, check out the list of Yearn products in the [General Resources](#general-resources) section below or check out our list of repos [here](https://github.com/orgs/yearn/repositories).

> If you want an overview of how our services interact with one another in Vaults, please see the schema and accompanying descriptions in the [Vaults Overview](https://docs.yearn.finance/getting-started/products/yvaults/overview).

Reviewer: For an overview of how our vaults work, please see the schema ...
What `services` are we talking about here?

Author: ```suggestion
If you want an overview of how our vaults work, please see the schema and accompanying descriptions in the [Vaults Overview](https://docs.yearn.finance/getting-started/products/yvaults/overview).
```

> If you're wondering how **strategies** work, please check out [Yearn Vaults v2 intro](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C0fsYiCI54g) — hosted by our Yearn Devs. To start writing your own strategy, please visit the [Yearn Brownie Mix](https://github.com/yearn/brownie-strategy-mix).

Reviewer: in the link title `Yearn Vaults v2 Introduction`

Reviewer: To start writing your own strategy, please check out our template [Yearn Brownie Mix]

- [Mint your own DAI](https://medium.com/ethereum-grid/forking-ethereum-mainnet-mint-your-own-dai-d8b62a82b3f7)
- [Dev Docs](https://docs.yearn.finance/developers/v2/getting-started)

> Once you have the strategy ready, this will guide you further down the road:

Reviewer: Once you have (a|your) strategy ready, ...

Author: ```suggestion
Once you have your strategy ready, this will guide you further down the road:
```

- [Vault naming standard](https://docs.yearn.finance/developers/v2/naming-convention)
- [Release process](https://docs.yearn.finance/developers/v2/DEPLOYMENT)
- [Security check](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1hBKB73kJPQM71enrG8xoSFj7wxYmczUlgigyq2KkcTE/edit#heading=h.4ieoeyetfrxm)

##### Other reading material

> This is complementary to the others, but it's not directly related to creating strategies.

Reviewer: ... to the `above`, but ...
